♪♪
[machinery whirring]
[Jackie] Hey, you ever read
How the Good Guys Finally Won?
Jimmy Breslin.
You know, it's all about the
ability to make people believe.
See, that's what Roy Cohn knew,
and no one else did.
Jesus, Jackie.
Roy Cohn?
Look, Roy Cohn's the worst
piece of shit ever existed.
I told you,
I'm a Bobby Kennedy guy.
[lighter snaps closed]
But what Cohn knew was
that if you held on to the lie,
the bullshit
against all evidence,
there was nothing anybody
could do.
Like the man said,
"If only the fool
would persist in his folly,
he would become wise."
Is this little filibuster
of yours supposed to reassure me
that even though there are
no bodies in that truck,
we still have a case?
Maybe I'm reassuring myself.
That's not reassuring.
Fuck.
[power tools whirring]
[Jackie] The shit these assholes
see every day, huh?
Can you imagine going home
with all that shit in your head
and trying to fuck your wife?
Wife gets excited,
starts sinking her nails
into your ass,
and all you can think about
is scraping some rapist's flesh
out of a victim's
fingernails.
Fortunately, not everyone
thinks like you, Jackie.
Good.
I'm an individual.
The body's under there?
No?
Must be under
this piece here, huh?
Too fucking early, Hank.
[Rachel]
Bodies, Jackie.
You promised us three.
Three bodies.
Did you hear
what I just said?
I mean, do I need shit
from someone who goes home alone
and gets her eight hours
every night?
No wonder your wife ain't
calling asking where you are.
This must be a nice
relief for her.
Well, an error must be taken
to its extreme
before it can be combated.
You had to listen to this
all night?
I think he's admitting
he was wrong.
That what you're doing?
Fuck all you.
We got a truck, right?
These guys will find
something.
I hope.
[dialing]
[car horns honking]
[phone line ringing]
Jimmy, you rat motherfucker.
-[hip-hop music blaring]
-[beeps]
[Jimmy]
♪ ...The entire nation ♪
♪ Black, white, red, brown
Feel the vibration ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ Feel it, feel it ♪
Oh!
♪ Feel the vibration ♪
♪ It's just a good vibration ♪
♪ Just a sweet sensation ♪
♪ Just a good vibration ♪
♪ It's just a sweet sensation ♪
We don't know
where Jimmy is.
Hmm.
Is that tea?
I would love some tea.
It's not done yet.
I can wait.
[china clatters]
[tea pouring]
[slurps loudly]
Jimmy didn't tell us
where he's goin'.
Oh, so the story's changing?
Because before, you said that
you didn't know where he was,
and now you're telling me that
you don't know where he's going,
which tells me that you know
that he skipped town.
Make whatever conclusions
you want.
He ain't here.
That's all we got.
Hmm.
Wow, this is a nice place.
You know,
it's not that often
that you see an Irish family
move into the North Shore.
I mean, usually the guineas
like the North Shore.
The Irish like
the South Shore, right?
Got a little guinea
in you, Richie?
-No.
-No. You work with them, though.
Right? Because you got that nice
little sports book
with the greasers in Revere?
Uh-oh. Hey.
Is this Jimmy?
He was a good-looking kid,
right?
Ever figure out
where you went wrong?
I can throw you out
any time.
Kids, huh? You know?
You work your whole life,
they can have it better,
and then they end up doing
the same stupid shit you did.
I had it easy, though.
Grew up in a black neighborhood.
Parents were drunks.
Didn't have a lot of chances
to disappoint them, you know?
Betcha found a way.
[Jackie]
Oh, sure.
But they didn't have
much of an argument.
My mother burned
our house down.
Yeah, didn't get it left to me
when they moved out of the city.
No, I stood on a cold
street corner
and watched it burn
when I was ten years old.
Not sentimental, though.
It was a good lesson.
What's your point?
I'll watch a home burn.
Talk like that
in front of a lady.
[Jackie]
No.
I treat everyone the same.
Bad.
Oh.
Cute, cute kids. Jimmy's?
How old?
Six and four.
[Jackie] Florida's a nice place
to raise kids.
Right?
Hmm.
You know, you both have been
very cooperative.
That's an old address.
Come on, Richie.
You can do better
than that.
You believe
this fucking guy?
Son of a bitch
took my teacup.
[slurping]
Oh.
Thanks for seeing me,
Father Bender.
Anytime.
Jenny, this is Father Doyle.
He just arrived from Ireland.
Hello, Mrs. Rohr.
Dermot Doyle.
Oh, you're for real Irish.
Call me Jenny.
[Bender]
Shall we go to my office?
Yeah.
Do you mind if Father Doyle
sits with us today?
Just to listen,
as he gets to know our parish.
Well, it's...
it's sort of personal.
If you're uncomfortable,
I'll leave.
I don't want
to be a hindrance.
No, stay.
Stay.
My, uh, my husband and I
haven't been, uh...
intimate in a long time.
Yeah, not emotionally,
not...
not in any way.
[sighs] Jackie's
barely ever home,
and, you know,
when he is...
I get the worst of him.
I guess he leaves his best
at, I don't know, um...
at work, or at some bar
somewhere.
My husband--
my husband doesn't always
do what's right.
Well, he does what's right
for him, you know?
I'm-I'm sorry,
I'm talking too much, right?
The fact that you're here
says something.
Something about you.
You want to do
what's right.
You understand
marriage takes work.
Mm-hmm.
Patience is one of the greatest
virtues God has given to women.
There's power in the patience
you possess.
But remember,
when placing blame,
God has also bestowed upon you
the ability to forgive.
Yeah, but don't you kind of
have to blame someone
before you can
forgive them?
Father, I've been forgiving
my husband for 20 years,
and nothing changes.
He doesn't see me.
And if he does, he doesn't
appreciate what he sees.
Jenny, you're talking a lot
about your husband.
That's why I came
to see you.
Well, I thought you came here
to work on your marriage.
I haven't heard you say anything
about yourself.
There are two people
in a marriage.
You're obsessed
with one.
Yes.
Yeah, where Jackie's
concerned,
everyone else just takes
a back seat.
Again, you're talking
about him.
Think about yourself.
What's your part
in the failure of your marriage?
[phones ringing]
Hey, cap,
you want to see me?
Minogue, you're getting
transferred
out of DCU
to Homicide.
You're working
the church shooter case.
[laughs]
You're kidding?
I'm of no value
down there.
It's out of my hands.
You fucked up
and got another cop shot
and let the shooter go,
yet some higher-up wants
to give you a promotion.
Now I'm not happy either,
but that's the way these
things work.
Yeah, well, I don't see Homicide
as a promotion.
Why would you?
This would be a pay cut for you,
without dealers to lean on.
♪ Well, we're moving on up ♪
You and your brown-nose
boyfriend arranged this,
you piece of shit.
♪ To a deluxe apartment ♪
♪ In the sky ♪
Hey, you want to make chief
before you're 60?
Not in the mood, Rohr.
Get lost.
-ADA Ward.
-[knocks desk]
I'm just saying.
-He's one to watch.
-Why you coming to me?
'Cause you're black, and this
is a black neighborhood.
With this church shooting,
you've had national attention
on this neighborhood
for the second time
in three years,
yet how many times have you
put a good case together
only for the DA not to bring
your hard work to trial
because he don't take
any of the shit
that happens around here
seriously?
Ah, but suddenly
a black prosecutor will
because he's black?
No. Because he's a good kid.
And that's the reason he worked
the St. Clair Commission.
He's a good kid.
Listen, you heard about the,
uh, armored car up in Revere?
Three missing,
presumably dead, guards?
Ward is going to convene
a grand jury on that case.
Feds will take
the case from him.
Mnh-mnh, not if
the grand jury is set up
from a different,
non-federal case.
You telling me a young,
black assistant DA
is going to try for a runaway
grand jury in Suffolk County?
I'm just saying,
you know,
you might want to support him,
get your guys to help him out.
Maybe not bust his balls
so much.
Before you put this idea
in Ward's head,
which I'm sure as shit
you did,
did he grasp the fact
that a law-and-order black guy
is the last thing anyone
in Boston wants?
You been around a long time,
Rohr.
All those cops looking
to reach their pensions,
lawyers in the DA's office
who's only there
because they know
someone.
A crusader threatens
their way of life.
Your way of life.
Yet I'm here, ain't I?
[phones ringing]
So it fits.
-Excuse me?
-Your head.
You managed to stick your head
up your own fucking ass.
Kelly Kinicki.
You wanna put a four-year-old
missing persons case
in front of a grand jury?
What the fuck you thinking,
Ward?
Code of silence.
They freeze us out.
Won't talk to the cops.
Look, we need to show 'em
that we're not gonna
give up so easy anymore.
You shoulda taken some time
off after that church incident.
Seeing a kid murdered.
I know exactly
what I'm doing.
Hey, I am more than willing
to step aside
while you ruin yourself,
but you are not going
to embarrass my office.
I mean, where does this
Kinicki shit come from?
Why this? Why now?
Where's your evidence?
Witness changed
his statement.
-One witness?
-Mm-hmm.
You need more.
He's enough for a subpoena.
I'm talking
to a brick wall.
Find another fucking witness.
You need to tell me what your
dumb fuck of a brother's up to.
Jesus fucking Christ, Cath.
You come in at a ten
sometimes, huh?
What happened?
At the store,
we sent out our knives
for sharpening,
and I caught an edge
opening up a bag of oranges.
[scoffs]
All right, well,
answer me about Jimmy.
I heard you.
I'm bleeding like fucking Christ
on the cross right now.
You're acting like
this is no big deal.
FBI showing up
at your parents' house.
Don't walk away from me.
I'm not--
I got a tampon in
the size of a frigging bus.
You gotta give me
a minute.
Listen, you know Jimmy
better than anybody.
You gotta tell me.
Is he gone for good
this time?
Or is he gonna be showing up,
barging through
my front door again,
asking for shit?
-I don't know.
-[toilet flushes]
Honestly, I know he wants
to see his kids.
Wants to see his kids.
He's dumb as fucking Sheetrock,
your brother.
There's worse
kinds of dumb
than being dumb
in love with your kids.
[sighs]
Ugh. Fucking socks.
Why don't you
let me help you.
Look at this thing.
Jesus.
You know you're kind of cute
when you're all bloody
and being sweet.
I think we should do it.
Come on.
Babe, I'm bleeding.
Yeah.
You think I'm, what, 17?
That I'm scared
of a little blood?
Don't touch me with that.
Yeah.
[both moan softly]
Did you give your brother
money to go?
-Shh! Knock it off.
-Come on, answer me.
Did you give your brother
money to go?
No, I didn't.
-That fucking son of a bitch.
-Jesus!
-Cath, fuck!
-He took the fucking money
from the job,
right out of the fucking--
Cathy, hey! Don't!
You can't just fucking--
I can't just?
How am I supposed to fix this
with one fucking hand?
Huh?
Hmm?
It's all there, right?
-Fuck.
-Hmm?
It means I'm wrong
about the fucking money.
It doesn't mean
I'm wrong about Jimmy.
I bet you your mother knows
exactly where he got the cash.
Leave my mother out of it.
[Cathy]
Somebody's gonna answer me.
[Minogue] So I know
I fucked you up a little bit.
-[Decourcy] Oh, just a little?
-[Minogue] Hey, hold on.
That's why I'm bringing you
down here.
I'm trying to rectify
the situation right now.
There's your guy.
Who?
Bromley Heath.
There is, or should I say was,
the guy who shot at us.
How do you know that's him?
What do you mean?
I recognize him.
Okay, so you're admitting to me
that you lied about Roach.
Yeah, but there's the fucking
guy right there.
-There's the actual guy.
-You motherfucker.
You better pray that you don't
need a fucking thing from me.
Hey, hold on a second,
I'm trying to rectify
the situation between us.
How the fuck does this
help me now?
I figured you wanted to know,
in the interest of justice.
He shoulda shot you.
Hm.
[dials phone]
[phone rings]
-[man, on phone] Martinez.
-Martinez!
The whitest-sounding spic
I know.
Two to five your fucking name
used to be fucking Martin,
you changed it to Martinez
to get assigned to Miami.
Rohr, go find someone else
to offend.
Hey, listen, I need you to pay
a visit to a Miss... hang on.
Corie Struthers.
It's 305 Zamora Avenue.
I'm not your pimp, Jackie.
This is business, fuckhead.
Have you not turned on
a television in ten years?
We got a little drug problem
goin' on down here.
Yeah, knowin' you,
you probably got your sleeves
rolled up like Don Johnson.
Shouldn't you be used
to hard work by now?
What do you want?
Little Miss Corie Struthers
might be hosting
a runaway CI.
Just need somebody
to go by and look for signs
of a coked-out jerkoff.
Which coked-out jerkoff?
His name is Jimmy Ryan.
So you'll send a guy?
Can't right away.
Hey, is this lack of cooperation
some holdover
against the people of Boston
because of JFK
and the fucking Bay of Pigs?
Asswipe, you know
I'm not Cuban.
All right, so you're just being
a typical lazy government fuck.
Okay, just give me
a couple of days. All right?
All right. See, Martin?
Was that so hard?
Listen, have your secretary
send me
a couple boxes of Cubans
while you're at it, all right?
[call terminates]
Mm-hmm.
[sniffs]
Good night, Al.
Hey, you ever go home?
Home?
You mean my parents' house?
I'm steering clear.
My sister's over
with her, uh, her fiancé.
And if I go home,
then I got to hear about every
eligible bachelor
that's in a 15-mile radius.
Uh...
Tommy Hayes isn't enough.
For what?
To convene
a grand jury.
We need another witness.
Think you could pull
a second miracle?
Do I have a choice?
No.
Kid runs into your church,
gets shot four times
in your church.
Your shooters run
right by you,
and you have no idea
what they look like?
No.
You don't know anyone that knows
the victim or his family?
They really got the best
and brightest at the BPD,
don't they?
I think what
the reverend means
is he's already told
the other police officers
everything he knows.
What about you?
You were sitting in a pew,
right? What did you see?
I'm sure what I said that day
is in your file.
I have nothing to add.
You think I want
to be here?
I don't think
about you at all.
Detective, is there anything
else we can do for you?
I don't know yet.
But I'll probably
be back.
In the meantime,
God bless you both.
You got a humidifier?
Humidifier can't cure
nightmares.
What, you think I don't know
about the nightmares?
My kid talks to me,
all right?
He comes to me
when he's worried.
And when Frankie comes to you
all worried,
what do you say?
You asking my advice?
I'm saying I don't know
what to do about the nightmares.
What's going on in your house
causing them anyway?
Fine. Play dumb.
You know this problem
didn't start in my household.
You raised one winner
and one loser.
Cathy, I don't know
where Jimmy is.
I don't know
what Jimmy's doing.
And if I did know,
I wouldn't tell you
anyway
'cause you're getting
on my goddamn nerves.
So go the fuck away.
All right. Fine.
But for the record,
you're the pain in the ass.
And you're gonna miss me
when I'm gone.
Oh, I would love to put
that theory to the test.
[heavy sigh]
[woman]
Take care, see you tomorrow.
[man] G'night, hon.
Take care. Six a.m.
[overlapping chatter]
[man]
Congrats on the tip.
[man] I'll talk
to you guys later.
[woman]
Good night, Brian.
Cheers, good night!
[man] Thanks for sharing.
Some beautiful stuff today.
[hammering]
What are you doing, Dad?
You put that thing in
two days ago.
[sighs]
Let's just say your mother
wasn't too pleased.
Hmm?
You can say that.
I say she's batshit.
[chuckles]
I'm not gonna tell her
you said that
if you don't tell her
that I laughed.
I like your face.
Come over here.
Let's take a look.
Yeah.
My daughter looks
exotic.
Just had to answer the phone,
didn't you?
She's your mother.
Don't I get points
for being a good son-in-law,
inviting her and Todd to dinner.
[Siobhan] Those two
have been calling me nonstop
since the shooting...
-[door closes]
-...checking to see if I'm okay.
So?
Let 'em see
that you're okay.
I bet Mom was thrilled
when you answered the phone,
knew she'd get her way.
Eh, saying no to Eloise Hastings
is a lot harder
than saying no to you,
so... I have no shame.
Weak?
Inept?
Did you know he was going
to write this shit about me?
-Who?
-Who? Who else?
Punk-ass Reverend Fields.
Baby, look,
I need you to end your
relationship with this man
once and for all.
[sighs]
Siobhan.
The Genesis Coalition
is bigger than Fields.
The--?
He's one person
on a long list of ministers
who want to stop the violence
in this town.
He called me a house nigger
in public.
Now he's writing it
in print.
I need to prepare
for a grand jury investigation.
This hurts
my credibility.
[scoffs] I thought we were
better than this.
We are!
Better than this.
Better than him.
No, I mean,
I thought we were stronger
than our jobs or your...
Or...
or what, Siobhan?
Or my what?
Ego.
If you can't get
behind the coalition,
why talk about changing
the face of Boston?
Progress comes
at a personal cost.
If we avoid every person
who offends us,
then neither one of us are going
to accomplish a damn thing.
We can't avoid them.
But we don't have to kiss
their asses, right?
[whispers]
I'll say something.
Something like,
"Go fuck yourself"?
[scoffs]
Hmm?
I'll get him to shut up.
[keys jingle]
Thank you.
You're welcome.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Again?
Yeah, see,
I'm like herpes, Doc.
You're unfortunate enough
to get me,
I'm never going away.
Must be a relief
not to have them.
-What?
-Herpes.
You left a message
at my house...
That you don't have herpes.
Okay, let's lay aside
for the moment
the question of how fucking dumb
you have to be
to leave me a message
like that,
and let's focus
on what's important here.
What did you say?
That you do not have
genital herpes.
Fuck me.
Jeez.
Most men hear that,
they're happy.
Hey.
I just took a giant dump
in your bathroom,
and forgot
to Windex the seat.
You're a fucking pig.
And you're a lousy
message-taker.
So, what now?
Nothing.
You got me.
I'm impressed.
I'm going to have
to worry about this
the rest of my life,
aren't I?
Captain Lewis.
I'd like to talk to you about
the shooting at the church.
I'm not working that case.
I heard you were present.
And I gave a statement
to the police.
But did you see this shit?
Oh, this shit?
I saw this shit.
This holy asshole
is blaming
the cops and prosecutors for
the world's every fucking sin.
For human goddamn nature.
Brother, brother,
he may as well blame us
for all the shit
that happened with Tyson.
Fields keeps standing up acting
the same, preaching against us.
People are gonna start
to believe him.
Articulate fucker
that he is.
Fucking Jesse Jackson wannabe.
Jesse Jackson
doesn't play in Boston.
[scoffs]
Understand me, Ward.
Fields cannot be the face
of our community.
Will not.
So, what do we do?
My wife is gonna talk to him.
Yeah. Talk.
That's the Christian way.
But when that fails,
we're going to barbecue
the motherfucker's balls.
This Father Bender sounds like
a royal twat.
Why are you going to a priest
for advice anyway?
I don't know.
Aren't priests supposed to be,
you know, helpful?
Wise?
They're just men who think God
speaks through their bad breath.
-[laughs]
-Looks like you ladies
are having a grand old time.
-Get out of there, Cabot.
-Quality control.
I don't want you
messing up those trays
before the event.
Have a drink.
[Cabot] Hm.
Get me a prosecco.
-Jenny?
-Oh, uh, nothing for me, thanks.
I-I totally suck at this,
don't I?
Just be honest.
A little less Quincy,
little more Beacon Hill.
[laughs]
Jen, you've been sad
for too long.
Talk to someone
who can actually help.
You ever hear
of a therapist?
Oh, not a chance.
Jackie would notice
the money being spent,
he'd start asking questions,
and then he'd start
dishing out answers.
You can't make all your
decisions based on Jackie.
You need your own
cash flow.
Get a job.
Oh, says the woman who last
worked shucking oysters
at Legal Sea Foods in '69.
[laughs]
I sucked at shucking,
remember?
[laughs]
We're not talking
about me, though.
I'm not the one
kneeling in church
hoping to change
my sex life.
You were so happy when you were
studying to be a teacher.
Yeah, but then I,
uh, I got pregnant.
You're not pregnant anymore,
Jen.
I can't just
go be a teacher.
Why not?
Thanks.
You need something to do,
or you're going to go crazy.
Why do you think
I host these fundraisers?
My friends get drunk
for a good cause.
Cab gets celebrated
for being charitable.
And I have somewhere
to put my energy
when he makes me
wanna fucking scream.
You ever hear
of a red prosecco?
[sighs]
I finished my initial outreach
to area community centers
in other churches.
Today, I'd like to discuss
your involvement.
My involvement
is absolute.
What I mean is,
blaming the people who run
the city's institutions,
the police and the press,
you know where that leads?
Educate me.
Racist cops storming
into black neighborhoods,
arresting anyone a shade darker
than them.
You have more
than your congregation
listening now,
Reverend, so...
please try
to nuance your message.
Did your husband
put you up to this?
You called him a house nigger.
If we're to work together,
that's unacceptable
behavior.
[knock on door]
Sorry I'm late.
No.
Your timing
is exceptional.
Let's get down
to business.
I have some ideas
on social events,
all of which
involve food.
People are more likely to
show up if there's a free meal.
[audio fading out] That leads
to community building,
plus they listen better
when their mouths are full.
[Fields, laughing]
Yes.
Go on.
[indistinct chatter]
[Minogue]
You don't remember who you saw
in the church that day?
Not anyone?
Maybe being afraid
of catching a stray bullet
has fucked up my memory.
-Just tell me what you saw.
-Why?
-The fuck do you care?
-You know what? I don't care.
I don't give a fuck.
You want to let
these killers go? Fine.
I don't give a fuck about you,
your church,
Reverend fucking Fields.
What about Fields?
He's dog shit on my shoe.
I could tell you
about him.
Yeah.
What do you want
to tell me?
Ain't what he says he is.
[phones ringing]
You can stop searching.
Sheik Sheehan.
History of assault dating back
to 1980.
A long list.
Must be a hothead.
Associate of Thomas Hayes.
Perfect.
I'm not seeing anything here
that connects him to Kinicki.
Okay, these are all
assault charges, right?
Aggravated assault,
assault and battery.
But something changes here.
In May of 1988,
Sheehan gets a DUI.
From that point on,
it's alcohol-related crimes.
DUIs, public intox.
Two years of that,
and then suddenly
alcohol is nowhere
to be found.
It's out of the picture.
So?
So, the date of the first DUI
is immediately after the
disappearance of Kelly Kinicki.
The disappearance
drove him to drink.
And then what?
Time healed the wound?
He sobered up.
How do you know?
I followed him
yesterday.
I saw him coming out
of an AA meeting.
Well, these are good ideas,
Rachel,
but until we can prove
a connection to Kinicki,
that's all they are.
[sighs]
[mother]
Jenny, you got a visitor!
Ma, I'll be right down.
[sighs]
-Who's here?
-[mother] Take a look.
Ma.
Ma, Ma, what's he doing here?
Got excited for a second.
Thought you'd finally decided to
step out on your loser husband
with a nice young
piece of ass.
Ma, you're talkin'
about a priest.
Good thing, too.
You can just call him Father.
He has one of those
unpronounceable mick names.
Oh, wait, don't you use those.
What's wrong with these?
Nothing. They're the best ones.
Here, use the good ones.
You don't use the best ones
for a priest,
who you saving them for?
Cardinal or above.
Ah. Thanks, Ma.
[sighs]
Hi, Father Doyle.
How you doing?
I hope I'm not
interrupting your day.
Oh, no. Just laundry.
So, uh, what can I
do for you?
The way things went
the other day,
you shouldn't be leaving
the church feeling worse
than when you came in.
That obvious, huh?
I'd be happy to--
honored to-- to counsel you,
to help you in any way
that I can.
All due respect, Father,
I'm getting sick of men
telling me what to do.
That's fair enough.
But Father Bender
is Father Bender.
He's not
the Catholic Church.
He and I don't share the same
point of view on everything.
You didn't speak up
when he blamed me
for my husband's sins.
I'm not from Ireland,
I'm from Northern Ireland.
Speaking up
can get you killed.
If talking isn't the answer,
then what else can I do for you?
Answer me this, Father.
Am I too old
to start over again?
No. Not at all.
Then how do I start?
You take an honest,
even brutal look at yourself.
Savor what gives you joy.
Confront what doesn't.
Rely on your friends.
And I hope you'll
consider me one.
[Siobhan]
He got angry.
Reverend Fields does not like
to be criticized.
Who does?
Now I'm really not in the mood
for my mother tonight.
Me neither.
You said it first.
[scoffs]
I'm allowed to. She's my mother.
[doorbell buzzes]
The pro bono stuff's
a challenge.
I have to prove to the partners
that the cause is worth me
losing the billable hours,
so there's zero
margin for error.
Especially being me.
Like I told you,
take your time.
You just got
this position.
You can't change the world
all at once,
not if you're pissin'
your bosses off.
Imagine if someone had said that
to you when you were my age?
Oh, you'd have hit them upside
the head with your protest sign.
-[all laugh]
-Sounds about right.
Uh-huh.
I wish we could have seen you
in action. All fired up.
I would have loved
to have seen that too.
The legend of Eloise Knowles
Quays Hastings.
That's right, baby.
I still care.
But I-I've learned
what works and what doesn't.
The world got small.
Gotta look after your own first
to keep them safe.
We've been worrying
about you since the shooting.
You live up here, you still go
to church down there.
Guys, I'm fine. We're fine.
You'll understand
when you're a parent.
Well, just hitting all
the talking points tonight, huh?
[Eloise] You two would make
some cute babies.
Decourcy, you want kids?
Yeah, someday. Yeah.
You're both just
too busy, though.
All right, I'm gonna say this
once and let it go.
Oh, only once, huh?
Your dad would have loved
a grandchild.
[quiet chatter]
[man]
How are you doing?
How are you?
[Rachel] Excuse me.
[man]
Welcome, everyone.
Nice to see everybody here.
Okay, let's get
the meeting started.
First time?
How'd you know?
We've all been there,
every single one of us.
It's a tough place to be.
Mm-hmm.
Where you from?
You asking me what I am?
Is that what
you're getting at?
Did I say that?
I asked where you're from.
I'm from Revere.
[laughs]
So, uh,
have you been coming here
a while?
I had to. Work.
Oh.
Yeah. State job.
They paid for rehab.
But I had
to come here after.
And how much longer
you gotta go?
They don't make me
come here anymore.
What about you?
What made you show up?
Why today?
You know, um...
I'm not really ready
to talk about that
-for now, so...
-Yeah.
[laughs nervously]
Do you remember
your first time?
Oh, sure. I was
out of my fucking mind.
Finished a whole bottle of
whiskey right outside that door
before I stumbled in.
Wow.
Something terrible
must have happened.
[sighs]
A friend of mine
had died.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Well, I mean,
he went missing.
We think he's dead,
but who knows?
But that's worse, maybe.
No, never gonna be
any other way.
He was like family, you know?
And when he died, just...
It's hard to find family,
you know?
People who really
know you.
Who you trust.
-Yeah.
-You know.
[police siren wailing]
[man, over TV]
...for a money-back guarantee.
For more information
on our products,
call 1-800-555-0199.
[chorus]
♪ Wah ♪
♪ Wah-Wachusett ♪
♪ Wachusett Mountain ♪
♪ Mountain skiing-- ♪
Jackie?
Mm-hmm.
[weatherman, on radio]
Good morning, Boston.
Bundle up...
[continues indistinctly]
Clouds, winds
into the northwest.
Make way for sunshine
midday,
and a high of 39
this afternoon.
Clear tonight...
Tomorrow we've got
sunny skies all day
and temperatures climbing
into the low 40s.
Enjoy it while you can
because lows are back
below freezing this weekend.
[phone rings]
Hello?
Corie. Hey, sweetheart.
Oh, fuck, Cathy.
What, that's how you greet me?
We used to be like sisters.
You only call when Jimmy fucks
something up or goes missing.
Which we got?
[clears throat]
Uh, second one.
You heard from him?
Not a peep, thank Jesus.
All right, uh...
Listen, could you
do me a favor?
Can you-- can you let me
know if you see him?
Do you think
he's coming here?
He's been antsy
to see the girls.
No. No. No way.
I...I do not want my kids
around that douche bag.
You tell him
to stay the hell away.
Well, I--
[dial tone]
[sighs]
[doorbell rings]
-Shit.
-[girl] I got it, I got it!
Megan, Nikki,
to your room.
This Sheehan character
is a known accomplice
to the other witness?
We believe he and Hayes
were both
criminal associates
of the deceased.
And who's the informant?
The informant you quote
in the subpoena.
Can you produce him?
Her?
It?
If we had to, we could,
Your Honor.
But this case
is tangentially tied
to another ongoing
investigation.
[pen scratching]
You said we could produce
the informant.
Yeah.
I'm the informant.
And what if Judge Tyrone wants
to meet me? What do you do?
I don't know.
Uh, plead the Fifth?
[Rachel scoffs]
[groans]
Whoa, you got
someplace to be?
What?
No.
You sleep well?
Uh, yeah.
Except for the fact
that I miss my beautiful wife.
Shut up, Jackie.
Oh, sure.
Nothing's good enough.
Oh, I-I hurt your feelings?
Hey, what'd you do
to my father's model?
-Snoopy plane, snapped in two.
-[urinating]
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
What did she do
to piss you off?
-[toilet flushes]
-More than usual.
What'd she do?
[tap water runs]
[turns tap water off]
I wanna go back to school.
I wanna teach.
Where the fuck
is this coming from?
-I want a job.
-Why?
I make plenty of money.
This isn't about you.
You haven't let up once
about Bennie,
now you want to fuck off
all the time in college?
My mother can watch her.
Oh, yeah, your mother.
Right, great.
-[snickers]
-Yeah, my mother raised me.
You raised yourself.
What, so you're saying
that I-I can't do it?
Jen, we're talking about a,
a shitload of homework,
a shitload of classes here.
No kidding. I know.
So, what am I supposed to do?
Sit around here day after day,
waiting for you not to fuck me?
You want to fuck?
I'll fuck you right now.
-Let's do it. I'll fuck you.
-Don't do me any favors.
All right. So, what?
That's it? You just give up?
No. I'm going to college
either way.
Can't even raise
your own kid.
Someone's gonna let you
teach theirs?
[scoffs]
[taps]
That wasn't fair.
No.
No, you never are.
-[Corie] Cupcakes?
-[girl] Big party and cupcakes.
Hello?
Hey.
-Oh, come here, sweetheart!
-Daddy!
How are you?
Oh, I missed you so much.
Oh, you look gorgeous.
Look what I brought you.
Huh? It's nice, huh?
Yeah?
-[girl] Thank you, Daddy.
-You're welcome.
-Surprise.
-Jimmy...
I'm gonna do better,
be better.
I'm sorry, Jimmy.
Girls, come here.
What the fuck?
-I didn't know what else to do.
-Oh, you...
Oh, you fucking bitch.
You shouldn't have come.
I got a right to see
my fucking kids.
Jimmy...
Found this in your car.
-You planted that.
-Yeah, right.
You fucking planted that.
Do not make a scene
right now, Jimmy.
I'm not going.
Jimmy.
-Jimmy!
-He's running! He's running!
[grunting]
Fuck you! Fuck you!
Oh, fuck! Fuck!
[indistinct shouts]
[man] Don't make it hard.
[girls crying]
-[Jimmy yells]
-[Corie] It's okay. It's okay.
[Jimmy grunting]
[crying]
And we'll need you for a couple
days out of the week
for about a month,
give or take.
Now, look, this isn't
a regular trial, okay?
Once we convene,
there will be no judge.
There will be no defense
presented, all right?
Just you, me and the witnesses.
As the hearings progress,
you can ask me or the witness
any questions that you may have.
All right?
Now, I know
you're smart people.
You're caring people.
You read the papers.
Huh?
You...
you-you watch the news
on the TV.
You know that the police
are not always the good guy.
They can be careless.
Corrupt.
You know prosecutors fumble.
Make bad deals.
Put bad men back out
on the street.
Now, this right here,
all this.
This, this you, this right here
is our justice system in action.
You.
You have a chance
to be a part of change.
You can decide who gets to face
punishment
for the crimes
that they committed.
You can fill this city's
moral potholes.
Now I want you
to imagine for me
that your son,
your father,
your brother,
went missing.
♪ dramatic music plays ♪
Four years later,
you still have no idea
what happened.
No body to pray over.
Wouldn't you want someone
to find the guilty party?
Convict the guilty party?
Keep searching
for the truth
regardless of race
or religion
or how much money
is in your bank account?
Well, you can do that searching.
You can help
the Kinicki family.
Instead of watching the news,
getting depressed,
you can do something.
Together, we can do good.
So much good.
I believe that.
And I hope you do too.
[distant shouting]
["Good" by Morphine playing]
[keys rattle]
You know the drill.
[phone line rings]
-[Jackie, on phone] Hello?
-You set me up?
You're asking me
if I put cocaine in your car?
Now, why would I do something
so fucking idiotic
when you can handle idiotic
all by yourself?
I mean, Jimmy, come on,
who the fuck takes coke
to Miami?
[clears throat]
So, what do I gotta do?
How 'bout this?
You spend the next few years
down there, sweltering,
and I'll start planning
for my retirement.
Jackie, Jackie, come on.
I can still help you, okay?
You ju-- you gotta get me out.
Jimmy, you said you want
to be close to your kids, right?
Well, they got visiting hours.
[phone snaps closed]
Jackie.
Jackie. Jackie!
[sighs]
♪ You push ♪
♪ Push, push ♪
♪ So good ♪
♪ You push ♪
[reverberating,
indistinct singing]
♪ Something tells me ♪
♪ Something tells me
you can read my mind ♪
♪ Something tells me ♪